W-16187458-accept-terms-duke (#331)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-start-cloud.adoc

//Requirements for Anypoint Platform account and account config
include::partial$acb-reusable-steps.adoc[tags="platform-account"]

> * Your organization administrator must accept the terms and conditions of the beta program for the cloud IDE from the Anypoint Code Builder landing page on your Anypoint Platform cloud host (https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[US] or https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[EU]). Login is required.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your organization administrator must accept the terms and conditions of the beta program for the cloud IDE from the Anypoint Code Builder landing page on your Anypoint Platform cloud host (https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[US] or https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[EU]). Login is required. The *Terms and Conditions* button is available to the organization administrator only.
```

> * Your organization administrator must accept the terms and conditions of the beta program for the cloud IDE from the Anypoint Code Builder landing page on your Anypoint Platform cloud host (https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[US] or https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[EU]). Login is required. The *Terms and Conditions* button is available to the organization administrator only.

Reviewer: FWIW, Valk has been changing all "login"s to "signin" because that's what's on the actual page.

> * Your organization administrator must accept the terms and conditions of the beta program for the cloud IDE from the Anypoint Code Builder landing page on your Anypoint Platform cloud host (https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[US] or https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[EU]). Login is required. The *Terms and Conditions* button is available to the organization administrator only.

Author: ```suggestion
* Your organization administrator must accept the terms and conditions of the beta program for the cloud IDE from the Anypoint Code Builder landing page on your Anypoint Platform cloud host (https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[US] or https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/codebuilder/[EU]). Sign-in is required. The *Terms & Conditions* button is available to the organization administrator only.
```
